9999999999O:8:"stdClass":19:{s:2:"id";i:10;s:4:"name";s:17:"Al  Karam Studios";s:5:"cover";s:9:"70797.jpg";s:5:"image";s:9:"39618.jpg";s:7:"address";s:48:"Alkaram Studio Factory Outlet, Karachi, Pakistan";s:9:"telephone";s:56:"Customer Care
+92.21.34302102
0312-ALKARAM (255-272-6)";s:7:"website";s:19:"No website provided";s:12:"emailaddress";s:25:"No contact email provided";s:7:"tagline";s:65:"Providing premium quality clothes at discounted rates in Pakistan";s:11:"description";s:5730:"ALKARAM WOMEN'S & MEN'S CLOTHING ONLINE SHOPPING IN PAKISTAN
Providing premium quality clothes at discounted rates in Pakistan, Alkaram Studio is one of the fastest growing and reliable online clothing shopping store in Pakistan. Alkaram sale the quality stitched and unstitched digital lawn suits for women and variety men, and kids wear as well. Being the leading brand in fashion fabrics and home textiles, Alkaram offers the most stylish, trending, and high-quality products which add colors in the life of our buyers. Alkaram online store brings the best of the best; all under one roof. Not only the family members; even the beds at home, can be dressed with intricately designed patterns. Alkaram lawn prices are reasonable for a majority of families. Shop online your chosen products from Alkaram Studio lawn 2017 right at your doorstep without any hassle within a short span of time by just a click of your finger.
Alkaram Online Women’s & Men’s Fashion Store in Pakistan
Pakistani lawn suits are eyed with appreciation all around the globe. Women’s Fashion constitutes a huge chunk in Pakistan’s Textile Industry. But, Alkaram caters to Men’s Clothing online as well. A wide variety of stitched garments is available in western as well as eastern wear. Alkaram stitched suits are easy to be worn and presented to friends and family. Alkaram studio lawn collection will bring in innovative designs and creative patterns to be worn and made into various shirts and suit styles for the season coming.
Experience Kids Online Shopping in Pakistan at Alkaram
Alkaram provides the kid's dresses and kurtas in vibrant color shades of the season stitched and ready to wear for any festive and special occasion. Alkaram provides the wide range of kid’s clothes for both boys clothing and girl’s clothing such as kurtas, shorts, frocks, and shirts all are available much-discounted rates. Alkaram winter collection 2018 saw the prettiest dainty dresses for little princesses. Celebrate the festivities from Alkaram Studio Lawn Collection and play dress up with the little ones in cute attire. Choose the most appropriate option by Alkaram Catalogue. There’s a wide range of designs and patterns to be chosen for online. The fabrics are manufactured keeping the needs of a child’s skin in consideration. Keep an eye out for summer dresses 2017.
Bedding Products - the Comforting Collection for your Bed at Alkaram
Alkaram offers bedding accessories made of the finest of fabrics. Decorate your bedrooms as per the finesse in your taste. Bed sheets are available in patterns from floral to geometrical. Benefit from the Alkaram sale at the best prices. Alkaram online shopping provides with the ease to shop with no trouble. The spring summer 2017 is sure to hold huge surprises for a perfect bedroom décor.
Alkaram Lawn Collection: Unstitched & Ready to Wear Lawn Suits
Alkaram stitched lawn provides with a wide variety of stitched clothes that are launched in every season in accordance with the fashion at the time. Women Kurtis in all the new styles is launched in every new look book. Alkaram summer collection is the first choice of the working women to buy their favorite looks by the online shop. They are easy to wear and quick to be shopped online with the needed sizing details. Alkaram unstitched lawn boasts the biggest market ownership in providing with the widest variety in the unstitched cloth market for desi wear. Alkaram lawn collection has been a personal favorite of women all around Pakistan. Buy all sorts of womens clothing online now. Alkaram ombre collection & lawn Spring Collection Vol 1 and 2 have been admired by women all over the country.
Winter Collection 2017 - Winter Dresses Online Shopping in Pakistan
Embrace winter Alkaram and be the fashion envy of everyone! With Alkaram winter collection, winter doesn’t have to just mean rainy days and black evenings. You can be the much needed glimmer of daylight and wear some high-end, contemporary attire at the same time. Alkaram winter collection dresses are the portray of its hard work that carry velvet palachi suits, viscose, khaddar, cottel fabric with amazing digital and embroidery designs.
Black Friday Sale
We are also hosting Alkaram Black Friday, the ultimate online fashion sale of 2017; you can get huge discounts on various collections of women’s dresses, men’s dresses, kid’s wear and home bedding accessories. Therefore, get ready for the next Black Friday 2018 – the online fashion shopping of this year. To offer our customers the best Black Friday sales, we are providing up to 50% off so you can enjoy the best Black Friday Deals 2017. This is the best way to take the opportunity of online clothing shopping in Pakistan. So, stay tuned to Alkaram Big Black Friday for latest updates of this big sale of 2017.
Online Shopping Experience via Credit Cards and Cash on Delivery in Pakistan
Alkaram provides ease to its customers by accepting payments via Credit Cards and Cash on Delivery. Present your friends and family all around the globe with elegant Pakistani dresses. Online shopping in Pakistan has become so accessible. Alkaram Spring Summer collection has always been successfully sold every year catering to the ever changing demands of the customers in the most efficient manner. Alkaram also provides the biggest discount deals on the special days like Black Friday, Azadi Sale, Winter Sale and Eid celebrations sales to make you happy.
About MAK - Teenage Girls Wear Online Shopping in Pakistan
is an acronym for Miss Alkaram, a new clothing brand being launched by the powerhouse, Alkaram. MAK is a young and fresh take on design and limited accessories brand portfolio.";s:8:"latitude";d:24.84934373;s:9:"longitude";d:67.21258958;s:7:"user_id";i:4;s:11:"category_id";i:3;s:5:"views";i:1;s:6:"status";i:1;s:10:"created_at";s:19:"2019-08-03 09:10:13";s:10:"updated_at";s:19:"2019-08-03 09:10:13";s:10:"deleted_at";N;}